If we'd like to see a little more in detail what's going on with our tuning job,
we can switch over to the Amazon SageMaker console and on the left-hand side,
select Hyperparameter tuning jobs.
You will see at the top here,
that there is a tuning job in progress.
This is the tuning job that we just created and it tells us
the current progress in terms of the number of models that have been created.
So far, zero models have been created out of
the first three that are about to be created.
If we click on this link,
we can see all additional information.
As the individual training jobs that are created are completed,
they will form this list here and we can look at
details corresponding to each of these specific tuning jobs,
and in addition, as the tuning job progresses,
we can take a look at the best training job to this point.
Of course, currently we haven't completed any training job,
so there is no best,
and as one more piece of information that might be abused,
we can take a look at the hyperparameter configuration and that
just provides us a nice summary of the tuning job that we created.
Heading back to the notebook,
we will wait for this tuning job to finish up.